Document supported languages (#1495)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Supported Languages

> Javascript is supported out of the box. TypeScript and Cucumber are also supported, but require additional dependencies at runtime. Please consult our [example repo](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl-cypress-example/tree/main/v1/examples) for working end-to-end examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript is supported out of the box. TypeScript and Cucumber are also supported, but require additional dependencies at runtime.  See our [example repo](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl-cypress-example/tree/main/v1/examples) for working end-to-end examples.
```
